SQLStore: customise the limit of retrieved datasources per organisation (#29358)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/configuration.md

<hr />

## [database]

### datasource_limit

> The limit of data source in the response, Set only if customer wants to overwrite the default value 5000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upper limit of number of data sources returned in the response, set this if you need to override the default.
```

> The upper limit of number of data sources returned in the response, set this if you need to override the default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The upper limit of number of data sources returned in the response. Set this if you need to override the default.
```

Reviewer 2: What is the limit? I do not see it stated anywhere.

Reviewer 3: 5000 is the default limit
